## Research Questions 

Now that you are all set up, it's time to learn a little more about the tools of the trade. Edit this file and answer the following questions. You are going to need to start familiarizing yourself with the [GitHub docs](https://docs.github.com/en). Docs (short for documentation) are the instructions on how to use a languge or program. A large part of your job as a developer will be learning how to read and work with documentation. Please reference the GitHub docs when answering the questions below. If you cannot find what you are looking for in the docs, you can always start to practice your Google skills!

1. What is Git? Git is an Open Source distribution Control System. A set of commands.
2. What is the difference between Git and GitHub? GitHub hosts source code, and the repositories of other user's. Git is the program used to code/edit in the repositoty itself.  
3. Why do we create a branch? A branch is used to seperate and edit your work from the original repository. 
4. What is the purpose of a Pull Request? It is used to update the local version of the repository. 
5. What is the command you can use to switch between branches? For example you are working on the FIRSTNAME-LASTNAME branch and you want to switch back to main. git switch - git commit -m "change"
command, or the git checkout command, with a specific branch to switch to.
6. Explain the difference between `git fetch`, `git merge` and `git pull`. What does each command do? git fetch will allow you to retrieve information from one repository or multiple, git merge will combine all previous commits into one branch, essentially allowing you to merge multiple branches. git  pull will take the remote changes and add them into your repository. The main differences between all three are how they affect the remote changes to the repository. Imn the definitions I saw it explains the how any changes to teh repository itself can either be recieved, or combined in different ways. 
7. What is a merge conflict? A merge conflict happens when Git is unable to seperate code between two different commits from different branches. 
8. How do you resolve a merge conflict? Makinhg sure you are in the right repository, pull the remote repository/branch again. From there you can remake the necessary edits and commit the changes again and push back to the remote after the necessary content has been corrected.